README.md, before:

# Google Play Music - Playlist Generator

[![build status](https://gitlab.com/hugoh/gpm-playlistgen/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/hugoh/gpm-playlistgen/commits/master)

This is a command-line tool to generate a set of standard playlists for Google Play Music libraries.

It's currently in beta, and some knowledge of Python and comfort with the command line is required. Depending on interest, I will make it more user friendly. The author is using the tool and care is being taken not to make a mess in the library manipulated (I care about mine too), but USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

## Authentication information

Copy `config.sample.yaml` into `config.yaml`, and add your account name under `auth.user` and your password (or an application-specific password if you have 2-factor authentication enabled) under `auth.password`.

## Set up

To set up the dependencies, you need Python 2.7+ and you need to run:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running the tool

Simply run:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py config.yaml
```

## What it does

The default configuration captured in `config.sample.yaml` will log into your account, download the list of tracks and playlists in your library, and do the following as per the `playlist` section in the configuration:

* Generate a set of playlists grouping your tracks by month in which they've been added to your library (`monthly_added`)
* Generate a sorted list of your most frequently played tracks (`most_played`)

The playlist generated will all have a name starting with "[PG]". This is configurable.

If you rerun the tool, it will only regenerate the playlists that are needed (new tracks in monthly added, and most played).

## FAQ

### I don't trust this tool

"No problem". You can run it with the `--dry-run` option. It will not write anything to your account, simply show you what it would do.

### I want to get rid of all those generated playlists

You can run:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py --delete-all-playlists config.yaml
```

The description field is used to check that this is a generated list, but I strongly advise to the the following first to see what it's going to do:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py --delete-all-playlists config.yaml --dry-run
```

# Credits

The heavy lifting is done thanks by [Simon Weber's gmusicapi](https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi).

Commit message:

Added more information about getting help

README.md, after:

# Google Play Music - Playlist Generator

[![build status](https://gitlab.com/hugoh/gpm-playlistgen/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/hugoh/gpm-playlistgen/commits/master)

This is a command-line tool to generate a set of standard playlists for Google Play Music libraries.

It's currently in beta, and some knowledge of Python and comfort with the command line is required. Depending on interest, I will make it more user friendly. The author is using the tool and care is being taken not to make a mess in the library manipulated (I care about mine too), but USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

## Authentication information

Copy `config.sample.yaml` into `config.yaml`, and add your account name under `auth.user` and your password (or an application-specific password if you have 2-factor authentication enabled) under `auth.password`.

## Set up

To set up the dependencies, you need Python 2.7+ and you need to run:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running the tool

Simply run:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py config.yaml
```

## What it does

The default configuration captured in `config.sample.yaml` will log into your account, download the list of tracks and playlists in your library, and do the following as per the `playlist` section in the configuration:

* Generate a set of playlists grouping your tracks by month in which they've been added to your library (`monthly_added`)
* Generate a sorted list of your most frequently played tracks (`most_played`)

The playlist generated will all have a name starting with "[PG]". This is configurable.

If you rerun the tool, it will only regenerate the playlists that are needed (new tracks in monthly added, and most played).

## I need help

Try:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py config.yaml
```

## I want to report a problem or I have a cool idea for this tool
 
Please use the [issue tracker](https://gitlab.com/hugoh/gpm-playlistgen/issues).

## FAQ

### I don't trust this tool

"No problem". You can run it with the `--dry-run` option. It will not write anything to your account, simply show you what it would do.

### I want to get rid of all those generated playlists

You can run:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py --delete-all-playlists config.yaml
```

The description field is used to check that this is a generated list, but I strongly advise to the the following first to see what it's going to do:

```sh
python gpm-playlistgen.py --delete-all-playlists config.yaml --dry-run
```

## Credits

The heavy lifting is done thanks by [Simon Weber's gmusicapi](https://github.com/simon-weber/gmusicapi).
